definitely her patient who
will have full information on
her but she was around at the
time that the library
Alexandria was sacked this
library
was the repository all the
knowledge in the Western world
dating from ancient Greece on
forward she was there
in defense this knowledge she
herself was
were needed in ways that women
other time were
not encourage or not allowed and
so for me she's quite a hero
NP and I know she's on
everybody's list but I gotta put
her in there
Marie Carrie come on now two
Nobel Prizes most people don't
even have won Nobel Prize its
that she's got to an so
be you read about her the
enthusiasm for her work
Andy intensity with which she
committed herself
to discovery in physics and
chemistry
it's a level of intensity that
any scientist responded
she did and she do boldly